Update and improve MongoDb doc (#2753)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/reference/setup-mongo-db.md

Reviewer: We need to add a description here as well, e.g.:

```
description: "Set up the Elastic APM .NET agent to instrument MongoDB operations and capture them as APM spans."
```

# MongoDB [setup-mongo-db]

## Quick start [_quick_start_14]

The [`Elastic.Apm.MongoDb`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Elastic.Apm.MongoDb) NuGet package instruments the official `MongoDB.Driver` to capture MongoDB operations as APM spans, including the command name, target database, and duration.

::::{note}
**MongoDB Driver ≥3.7.0** natively emits OpenTelemetry spans. For that version and newer, no extra package is needed — the agent's [OpenTelemetry Bridge](/reference/opentelemetry-bridge.md) captures MongoDB spans automatically whether you use the [Profiler](/reference/setup-auto-instrumentation.md) or a NuGet-based install. This package is only needed for MongoDB.Driver ≥3.0.0 <3.7.0.
::::

> **Supported versions:** MongoDB.Driver ≥3.0.0 <4.0.0, on .NET 8.0 or newer and .NET Framework 4.7.2 or newer.

Author: Resolved in latest commit with a bit more nuance

> # MongoDB [setup-mongo-db]

Reviewer: How about "Set up MongoDB instrumentation" or "Instrument MongoDB with the APM .NET agent"?

You can always put `navigation_title: MongoDB` in the frontmatter for easier nav scanning.

> 

Reviewer: I would suggest adding the following:

```
## Supported versions [_supported_versions_mongodb]

| Package | Supported versions |
| --- | --- |
| `MongoDB.Driver` | ≥3.0.0 <4.0.0 |

For the full compatibility matrix including supported installation methods, refer to [Data access technologies](/reference/supported-technologies.md#supported-data-access-technologies).

::::{note}
`MongoDB.Driver` ≥3.7.0 natively emits OpenTelemetry spans. On runtimes where the agent's [OpenTelemetry Bridge](/reference/opentelemetry-bridge.md) is supported, those spans are captured automatically, so no extra package is needed. On .NET Framework, the OpenTelemetry Bridge is not supported; use `Elastic.Apm.MongoDb` instead. This package is also required for `MongoDB.Driver` ≥3.0.0 <3.7.0.
::::
```

The [`Elastic.Apm.MongoDb`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Elastic.Apm.MongoDb) NuGet package instruments the official `MongoDB.Driver` to capture MongoDB operations as APM spans, including the command name, target database, and duration.

::::{note}

> **MongoDB Driver ≥3.7.0** natively emits OpenTelemetry spans. On runtimes where the agent's [OpenTelemetry Bridge](/reference/opentelemetry-bridge.md) is supported, those spans are captured automatically whether you use the [Profiler](/reference/setup-auto-instrumentation.md) or a NuGet-based install, so no extra package is needed. On **.NET Framework**, the OpenTelemetry Bridge is not supported, so you should continue using `Elastic.Apm.MongoDb` if you want MongoDB spans. This package is also needed for MongoDB.Driver ≥3.0.0 <3.7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I moved the note to the new section above + rephrased it a bit to make it shorter.

::::

> **Supported versions:** MongoDB.Driver ≥3.0.0 <4.0.0, on [supported .NET runtimes](/reference/supported-technologies.md#supported-dotnet-flavors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This link won't work after you merge #2742 (that section anchor was changed). 

I would suggest removing this line in favor of the new `## Supported versions` section I proposed above.

### Step 1: Install the package if needed

If you are **not** already using `Elastic.Apm.NetCoreAll`, install [`Elastic.Apm.MongoDb`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Elastic.Apm.MongoDb). If you are using `Elastic.Apm.NetCoreAll`, you can skip this install step and continue with Step 2.

```sh
dotnet add package Elastic.Apm.MongoDb
```

> ### Step 2: Configure the MongoClient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Configure the `MongoClient`
```

Register the `MongoDbEventSubscriber` when creating your `MongoClient`:

```csharp
using MongoDB.Driver;
using Elastic.Apm.MongoDb;

var settings = MongoClientSettings.FromConnectionString(mongoConnectionString);
settings.ClusterConfigurator = builder => builder.Subscribe(new MongoDbEventSubscriber());
var mongoClient = new MongoClient(settings);
```

### Step 3: Subscribe the agent

> How you complete the setup depends on how the APM agent was added to your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How you complete the setup depends on how you added the APM agent to your application:
```

Rephrasing to avoid passive tense.

**Using `Elastic.Apm.NetCoreAll`** (the all-in-one package for ASP.NET Core) — no further action is needed. MongoDB calls are captured automatically on every active transaction.

**Using `Elastic.Apm.MongoDb` directly** — also subscribe the diagnostics subscriber once at application startup:

```csharp
using Elastic.Apm;
using Elastic.Apm.MongoDb;

Agent.Subscribe(new MongoDbDiagnosticsSubscriber());
```

> Make sure this is called only once. Calling it multiple times causes MongoDB operations to be captured as duplicate spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure this is called only once. Calling it multiple times causes the agent to record duplicate spans for MongoDB operations.
```
